Build a project using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It would just use JavaScript and HTML; it should be beautiful. Now let's give the project idea. It will be a typing website. The goal is that I will give you a GitHub link for a file and you will get the data for that. It is something like a code typewriter so you show the data and I will type character by character and at the end, when all is complete, you will show me the amount of time and the typing speed for all of this.

Currently I will keep all the website links in a JSON file so you will have a button to choose a random file, extract all data, and show it in the typewriter UI box. I will type and it will show the hint of typing, how an actual typewriter website works. You already know that. Instead of random words you will give me a complete code and I will type it and you will also track my typing speed. The UI experience should be smooth enough; I do not want to make it complex with Next or any kind of thing so just make it simple with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript so that I can add more GitHub links in the future. I will update the JSON.

Currently you can take any random GitHub link that is related to Vue JS; I am just supporting Vue JS and Naxx JS code. In the future I will also support C++ and Python. Also keep the functionality that the user can choose what type of language he wants to practice. Make it smooth. Do not give a hint in the type link and do not provide any time limit so it will let the user write as much as he is writing. At the end of the writing, complete, show him the time, speed, and all of the things. The main priority is that it should follow a particular code; it will only follow the code, actually for practicing code, and it should be buttery smooth.
